On throw exception in process getting from container optional dependency use default value only if container don't have dependency or thrown not `CircularReferenceException` (#33)
yiisoft/definitions: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.0.2 under development

> - Bug #32: On throw exception in process getting from container optional dependency use default value only if container
>   don't have dependency or thrown not `CircularReferenceException` (vjik) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug #32: Exceptions were silently caught if they were thrown on building of an optional dependency. For now only `CircularReferenceException` is caught, and optional dependency will have its default value. (vjik) 
```
